Y
which will cost the because it is very
well today here uruguay and
welcome gentlemen to this video tutorial
of origins in which I'm going to teach you
how to get the short-range weapon
special that highlights two in a fist
of kung fu or some strange martial art
this is achieved in a very easy way
gentlemen but let's say they need
in meeting some requirements in
let's just say that the only
requirements that they have to do is
fill these chests there will be four
chests around the map one of them
will be behind juger we will
be coming down from the excavation where with
the foot the good giant indeed in
all places the giant in step out there
in another is in this mine and another is
before the church then these are
the four chests and what they have to
to do is kill 40 zombies near each
one of them in each box goes to
absorb 40 more zombies and then one
once they do what it would be to fill all
these chests do not have to be an order
I do not ex you at the same time or anything
just fill the all with return
zombies each one will see what they
it looks like this medal that is the measure
longer of the challenge of obviously so
fill the four chests of souls of
zombies and then this is going to be able to
get fists eye gentlemen something
nothing more a little advice that you
I want to give if the giants go through
where is the chest
they will see that when the footprint falls on
chest is going to close this means that
the restart process then if it's
who carry 35 are and if the
giant and closes the chest are going to have
to refill the 40 zombies
then ladies have this in mind if
is that they see that the good giant is the
best chest do not fill it experience that
happens and then they start filling it
this is good I tell you once that
have this medal of the challenge of the
four chests go to the start or to the
generator 6 where the tablet comes out with
the medals are going to see that the mother of
until this is going to be understood
of orange color and what they have to
to do is point that medal and open the
box saying good that says in pressure
to X to get this this award
then nothing else press x and they will
it seems like now yellow
this yellow order grabs him and then
of that they will already learn what would be
this technique of kung fu or whatever and
Well these fists and we will kill
a hit until the 19th round so they are
quite useful can be improved
obviously already with the icetex but
for that you need four people
well maybe two nothing but good
gentlemen or everything navas to get
the fists after I will start to climb
the tutorials of the centers and all that
but hey, he just wanted me to
knew this of the fists and then nothing
it's because I like this video
goodbye